📝 Update for new settings layout (#2889)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/development/variables/set-variables.md

## Create project variables

Add secrets for all environments in project variables
using [the Console](../../administration/web/configure-project.md#variables) or the [CLI](../../administration/cli/_index.md).

> For example, you may need to set a variable to vary between production and other environments, such as API gateway credentials.
> You can set the non-production version as a project variable
> and then set a [variable specific to the production environment](#create-environment-specific-variables) to override it.

Reviewer: 🛠️ I'm not sure I understand this correctly. What I understand is something along the lines of this:

```suggestion
For example, you may need to use API gateway credentials for your production environment that are different from those used for your non-production environments. 
To do so, you can set the non-production credentials as a project variable
and set another [variable specific to your production environment](#create-environment-specific-variables) to override it.
```
Maybe I still don't get it, and the phrasing still probably isn't perfect, but my point is that I think clarity could be improved here.

Author: This was wording that I didn't change as part of this PR. I can update it a little, but I didn't want to get into the details here too much. I think `another` is a little confusing, because the point was that there are two types of variables and `another` makes them seem basically the same. But can do at least something.

{{< codetabs>}}
+++
title=Using the CLI
+++

To add a project variable, run the following command:

```bash
platform variable:create --level project --name {{< variable "VARIABLE_NAME" >}} --value {{< variable "VARIABLE_VALUE" >}}
```

To specify other options, use the [flags for variable options](#variable-options).

<--->
+++
title=In the Console
+++

To add a project variable, follow these steps:

1. Select the project where you want to create a variable.
2. Click {{< icon settings >}} **Settings**.

> 3. Under **Project settings**, **Variables**.

Reviewer: 🛠️ 

```suggestion
3. Under **Project settings**, click **Variables**.
```

## Create project variables

Add secrets for all environments in project variables
using [the Console](../../administration/web/configure-project.md#variables) or the [CLI](../../administration/cli/_index.md).

For example, you may need to vary API credentials between production and other environments.
To do so, set the non-production credentials as a project variable

> and then override these credentials for the production environment by setting a [variable specific to that environment](#create-environment-specific-variables).

Reviewer: 😍 That is so much clearer!

| Runtime   | `--visible-runtime` | `true`  | Whether the variable is available at runtime. |
| Build     | `--visible-build`   | `true`  | Whether the variable is available at build time. |

So if you want the `foo` variable to be visible at build time but hidden during runtime,
you can set it by running the following command:

```bash
platform variable:create --level project --name foo --value bar --visible-build true --visible-runtime false
```

You can also change the variable options after you create them (except for sensitive values, which can't be set to non-sensitive).

> For example, to make the `foo` variable visible at runtime and hidden during the build, run this command:

Reviewer: 💅 

```suggestion
For example, to make the `foo` variable visible at runtime and hidden during the build, run the following command:
```

Author: Again, slightly outside what I was doing, but an easy fix and an improvement.

To specify other options, use the [flags for variable options](#environment-variable-options).

<--->
+++
title=In the Console
+++

To add a project variable, follow these steps:

1. Select the project where you want to create a variable.
2. Click {{< icon settings >}} **Settings**.
3. Under **Environments**, click the environment where you want to create a variable.
4. Click **Variables**.
5. Click **+ Create variable**.
6. Enter a name for the variable.
7. Enter the variable value.
8. Ensure you have selected the right [other options](#environment-variable-options).
9. Click **Create variable**.

{{< /codetabs >}}

When naming variables, be sure to take [variable prefixes](./_index.md#variable-prefixes) into account.

### Environment variable options

Environment variables share all of the [options available for project variables](#variable-options).
Environment variables have one additional option:

| Option      | CLI flag        | Default | Description |
| ----------- | --------------- | ------- | ----------- |
| Inheritable | `--inheritable` | `true`  | Whether the variable is inherited by child environments. |

> This option is useful for  setting production-only values such as credentials.

Reviewer: 📋 

```suggestion
This option is useful for setting production-only values such as credentials.
```

> For example, to set a PayPal secret value for only the `main` branch and have it not be readable elsewhere, run:

Reviewer: 🛠️ 

```suggestion
For example, to set a PayPal secret value for only the `main` branch and have it not be readable elsewhere, run the following command:
```
